                       Lab 5   CS514    Spring 2015

    NOTE:  do not work in teams!  If you are detected not doing
      your own work, the penalty A-Rod gets will look like a slap
      on the wrist.

    NOTE:  use jdbc ONLY when told to use jdbc


    1. For fun look up 'Mendoza line' in Wikipedia. Then write a java
       program that will have as input an employee number, and
       will output the following as appropriate:
        employee with eid ddd has no batting average

        employee with eid ddd has an average below the Mendoza line
         (i.e. below 200)

        employee with eid ddd has a batting average of nnn
         (give the correct average)
        Your java program should of course use jdbc to query the database.

    2.  Write a stored procedure whose input is a player last name and
      whose outputs are era and average.  Test it.  For null values, output
      NA (first choice) or 0 (second choice).  Your tests should make sure
      all the desired functionality is covered.
      The output here should be self-documenting, e.g.
       minoso has an era of 32 and an average of 270
	   
	   

    3. Arrange to invoke the procedure you stored in 5. above from a java
      jdbc program.
	  
	  
	  
	  
	  

    4. Assume you want to make a bunch of updates to the sal column of
        empbb02.  You would use a PreparedStatement.

        NOTE: by update we mean UPDATE, and not some other DML command.

          Write a java jdbc program that will allow the user to do this task
          from the keyboard as an application.  Test it.  Hand in the code
          and the pragmatic proof that it works.

          To save you a little time, the correct examples to look at are
          probably jdbc7Ora.java and jdbc8Ora.java
		  
		  

    5. Your immediate supervisor, who has an MBA and must be obeyed, imposes
       the participation constraint that every new employee participate in
       orientation. Add a table called newhires, with fields empno, ename,
       hiredate. Write a trigger so that if you add an employee, he/she will
       be placed in the newhires table.  Presumably, after attending
       orientation, the new hire can be deleted from the hewhires table.

	   
	   
	   
	   
	   
	   
	   
	   
	   
	   
	   
	   
	   